Old Zhao, Old Zhao
I said, why can't the bank find your deposit?
It turns out that you bought all the live debt.
Who is the uncle
Hidden in such an obvious place
Why didn't I find it?
Grandpa's will
Dad's private money
Sonny, you are really amazing
Why are you so amazing?
What do you know, dog?
It's just coincidence
No, Sonny never pees
Must be dad's mom
He must be guiding the emperor
Ask him to help me find where my mother hides her private money
Are you thinking too much?
Sonny, I'm old enough to send messages.
I like to pee when I start
What should you do if you love to pee in heat?
Let's get sterilized at home
Hey, you're not happy about it.
This is it, bro
Beautiful, what are you doing here?
Hey, who are you?
Don't steal my door
Oh, I'm here to ask for an account.
IOU
The year is at rest
800,000 800,000